# Getting the TEXT in the form, and handling to add to the state.


# EVENT.TARGET
Returns the ELEMENT that is being TRIGGERED by the EVENT FUNCTION (onSubmit, OnClick, OnChange, etc..)

! If we want to select a child element, we need to use a identifier inside that element as 'name' property.
> We have to define a name in the TEXTAREA element, for this example, like a props, so we can access the ELEMENTS and PROPERTIES inside the elements of the FORM (selected via event.target), then we access for example the TEXTAREA inside the FORM, and we can access the VALUE, but only using the NAME like we use props for components.

Can be explored: event.target.PROPERTY-NAME-IN-ANY-CHILD-ELEMENT.value (Gets the value of the element, that is being used in the function event)

event.target = source element of that triggered the event (example, if onSubmit is called in a element FORM, this form is the event.target)

PROPERTY-NAME-IN-ANY-CHILD-ELEMENT = is the element with the name defined in any child element inside the event.target

value = is the value of the element if the elements supports 'value', for example, TEXTAREA have this attribute 'value' by default.

IMPERATIVE PROGRAMMING:
# Cleaning the textare after use setAtribute on useState function.
at the end of the event function:
> event.target.PROPERTY-NAME-IN-ANY-CHILD-ELEMENT.value = '';

DECLARATIVE PROGRAMMING:
const [newCommentText, setNewCommentText] = useState('');

function handleCommentText(){
    setNewCommentText(event.target.value);
}

textarea 
    onChange={handleCommentText}
    value={newCommentText}


## MIRRORING
We can useState to mirroring a textarea value, like the example above. 
textarea
    value={newCommentText} 
    onChange={handleCommentText}

-> handleCommentText(){
    setNewCommentText = event.target.value
}

> They will mirror, one reflects on another. (Or value or the direct set funciton of useState)


# Imperative
1. Turn on the baker
2. Put on the mass on a plate.
etc.

# Declarative (set new useStates, etc. etc, declare most of steps describing the concepts)
1. The baker has to be on.
2. The mass has to be on the plate.
3. The baker must have the cake inside.
    