# We can draw the "Outsider" and basic static default Layouts Routes to obtain the pages inside, by maintaining the static elements in common between pages. And switching only what is different between pages.
Changing only what is different between pages. Accelerating the usability, changing only the pagination of different elements.

++ Speed loading components/elements.
++ Coding speed by avoid recoding.

The tool:
## <Outlet />
Outlet is a tool ("spot") that will represent the position and switching of the pages that will be displayed.

1. > Lets create a objetive folder, for this, the "src/layouts", with the default layouts

2. > Create the defaultLayout in recommended directory, importing { Outlet } from 'react-router-dom':
/layouts/DefaultLayout.tsx:
```ts
import { Header } from '../components/Header' // The common content between pages in the default layout:
import { Outlet } from 'react-router-dom'

export function DefaultLayout() {
  return (
    <div>
      <Header />
      <Outlet /> // This will represent the page position, and the switch between them, as for example: <Home/> or <History/> depending on the defined route.
    </div>
  )
}
```

/src/Router.tsx
1. > Create a new <Route> </Route> but now as a scope tag, encapsulating all the 'Route's. And this parent "Route" will define this Default Layout between pages, like this: <Route path="/" element={ <DefaultLayout/> }>, importing of course the {DefaultLayout} (In this project case, we will use for all the 2 pages the same default layout, but may have some other projects that have multiple possible default layouts for multiple pages/routes)
```ts
import { DefaultLayout } from './layouts/DefaultLayout'

      <Route path="/" element={<DefaultLayout />}>
        <Route path="/" element={<Home />} />
        <Route path="/history" element={<History />} />
      </Route>
```

IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE CHAIN:

### CHAIN PARENT React Routes with "/":

<Route path="/admin" element={<AdminLayout />}>
    <Route path="/products" element={<Products />}>
</Route>

>The final route to access this page/route is "/admin/products".

# The content of /admin will be shown in every child route.