## DefaultLayout, Header, and pagination identification in pages with: 
## <NavLink> & <Outlet> from 'react-router-dom'

The DefaultLayout.tsx and Header.tsx files operate together to provide a consistent layout and handle page navigation and reuse. Here's an overview of how they work:

DefaultLayout.tsx:

The DefaultLayout.tsx file represents a default layout that serves as a wrapper for the application's pages. It defines the basic structure shared across all pages, enabling component and style reuse.
DefaultLayout Component:

The DefaultLayout component is a function that returns the structure of the default layout.
It includes a styled component called LayoutContainer, which defines the main container for the layout.
Header Component:

Within the LayoutContainer, the Header component is rendered.
The Header component represents the layout's header and contains the logo and navigation links.
The header is reused on all pages that utilize this layout, ensuring visual and interaction consistency.
Pagination:

The React Router's Outlet component is used within the LayoutContainer.
The Outlet serves as a placeholder where route content is rendered.
Within the Outlet, the corresponding pages are displayed based on the defined path.
For example, if the current route is "/", the Home page will be rendered. If the current route is "/history", the History page will be rendered.
By using DefaultLayout as a wrapper for the application's pages, a consistent layout is achieved across all pages, with a shared header and basic structure. Pages are rendered within the Outlet at the appropriate location in the layout, enabling dynamic navigation between different pages of the application.

This approach of reusing DefaultLayout as a default style for all pages helps maintain visual consistency, promotes component reuse, and simplifies code maintenance since layout or header changes can be made in a single place.


> DefaultLayout.ts
```ts
import styled from 'styled-components'

export const LayoutContainer = styled.div`
  box-sizing: border-box;
  max-width: 74rem;
  height: calc(100vh - 10rem);
  margin: 5rem auto;
  padding: 2.5rem;

  background-color: ${(props) => props.theme['gray-700']};
  border-radius: 8px;

  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
`
```



TIPS:

New structure of folders experience:
Create a folder for every component, and inside then, create the default names:

Components/Header/ - index.tsx
                   - styles.ts

Components/Register/ - index.tsx
                     - styles.ts

Components/Avatar/ - index.tsx
                   - styles.ts
                   
use the ⌘ P, to write the component, and then you can select the desired file.

