# Styled Components
Library to use CSS in JavaScript Syntax + Productivity

We define props for styling and create component styles, to be used by components.jsx.

We can use its different properties as we define, 

> npm i styled-components
> npm i @types/styled-components -D 
The main package don't have the types, they are separated, so we need the second package with the default @types of the library (as Developer Dependencies)


## Tools
Inside a Styled-Component.

When we use interpolation, `${}`, The library S.C. will automatically send the properties and execute a function.

for example:


```ts

export type ButtonVariant = 'primary' | 'secondary' | 'danger' | 'success';

interface buttonVariants {
    primary: 'purple',
    secondary: 'orange',
    danger: 'danger',
    success: 'green',
}

export const ButtonContainer = styled.button<ButtonContainerProps>`
    width: 100px,
    height: 40px,
    ${props => {
        return `background-color: ${buttonVariants[props.variant]}`
    }}
`

```

## So this way we can send the properties without using classes


## CURIOSITY -> Styled Components vs Tailwindcss
Tailwindcss: its less code on short term projects, don't need to yet type any css, it's like a library.
Tailwindcss: HINT: With the Tailwind Fold extension, we have no polution in the code, we can fold or add transparency.
Tailwindcss: Has a paid library of ready components to use. (Option for further enhance productivity)
Styled Components: We have all in one place for designs by creating types and styles.
Styled Components: We can create styled components, which can be used multiple times with different sub-components styles. This kind of usage makes the project more solid and increase a lot of productivity.
Styled Components: Is so, more productive in larger projects.

Both are mostly used for companies to obtain productivity.

ANOTHER TIPS:

# <> Fragments </>
It dont render on HTML (a empty <div> would render)