# Current challenge: Sharing States between PAGES

We have to use the "activities" state and possibly another states and functions also in the PAGE HISTORY, so we can list all the details of history of activites, etc.

If we would put the Context.Provider in the App.tsx or in the Router.tsx, these pages would be a mess, because these pages would have to obtain all the functionality in these pages that are recognized patterns to their general function.

So we create the:
# Folder for Contexts
and create a files as defining contexts also:
> src/contexts/ExampleContext.tsx:

Here we import all the CONTEXT:
1. context creation
2. its types
3. its interfaces
4. states to be shared between multiple components on the contexts
5. functions to be shared also.

And put it all into a CONTEXT TYPE:
```tsx
interface ActivitiesContextType {
  activities: Activity[]
  activeActivity: Activity | undefined
  activeActivityID: string | null
  activeActivityName: string | null
  secondsTimerPassed: number
  markCurrentActivityAsFinished: () => void
  resetCurrentActivity: () => void
  updateSecondsTimerPassed: (seconds: number) => void
  createNewActivity: (data: CreateActivityData) => void
  interruptCurrentActivity: () => void
}

//with required another interfaces if existants:
interface Activity {
  id: string
  task: string
  duration: number
  startDate: Date
  interruptedDate?: Date
  finishedDate?: Date
}
```

# And the EXPORT FUNCTION to create WILL BE WITH ANOTHER NAME (AS A SCOPE PROVIDER):

1. > We must create another export function called ExampleNameProvider(){}
   So this one will be used do to the SCOPE PROVIDER, and will get all the data of the Context.

2. > To use as a SCOPE PROVIDER we must prepare this function:
# We need to set this function to receive anything from HTML or React components inside it by doing this way

A. > Parameter called 'children':
```tsx
export function ActivitiesContextProvider({children}) {}
```

B. > Not over yet, the Typescript need to know what this data is, so we define the ContextProviderProps as a ReactNode, that can be any HTML, text, Component, any tag.
```tsx
    interface ActivitiesContextProviderProps {
        children: ReactNode // Here it is.
    }

    export function ActivitiesContextProvider( { children }: ActivitiesContextProviderProps) {}
```

C. > Now, in App.tsx, we can import 'ActivitiesContextProvider' from 'ActivitiesContext', and use it, to Provide all the pages inside Router, all these Contexts.
> App.tsx:
```tsx
import { ActivitiesContextProvider } from './contexts/ActivitiesContext'
import { Router } from './Router'

        <ActivitiesContextProvider>
          <Router />
        </ActivitiesContextProvider>
```


3. > To use these context inside these pages, we just need to import 'ActivitiesContext' and all of its STATES and FUNCTIONS. In every Page inside the Router.


OBS: On these functions imported in the contextProvider, we must recreate all the interfaces that were using external libraries, for example, zod. To create independence.
# Every interface we create, should be better create a separeted interface and types, to be independent of external libraries usage.

If we would use the zod interface in the contexts, if we would one day in future change could change the library, we would have to redo a lot of code.



# Context must be INDEPENDENT of libraries.
