# ESLint
It's a pattern definer library for coding.
Auto-correction and warnings for the usage of operators like depending on the configuration:
    identations
    spaces between elements, tags, words, etc.
    way of sending properties inside (), or [], or {}.
    pattern usage or not usage of:
    ; 
    `` 
    '' 
    ""


1. > Install the 'ESLint' extension
2. > npm i eslint -D  // Install the Library
3. > npm i @rocketseat/eslint-config -D // Install the configuration of rocketseat patterns
4. > create in the root directory of the project: '.eslingrc.json' with the content:
    {
        "extends: "@rocketseat/eslint-config/react"
    }

5. > npx eslint src --ext .ts,.tsx // Check all the project with the patterns of .ts and .tsx files.
    if we gome some error and not checks of patterns, maybe we have to:

Maybe, if error: 
0. > Delete the .eslintrc.json, create the previous .eslintrc.json if necessary again.

6. > Turn on the auto fix all from eslint on save. on commant vscode >json and opening the "settings.json" and searching for "editor.codeActionsOnSave": and inserting or turning on the option, inside the "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {}:
 "source.fixAll.eslint": true, 

7. > npx eslint src --ext .ts,.tsx --fix
How to fix all at commmand line.

8. > We can set a script at the package.json: "lint" : "npx eslint src --ext .ts,.tsx --fix"
Then we use: 
> npm run lint

> Finished!

We can create or own patterns by command line:
> npx eslint --init
Answer all the questions and set ups.
