# New Cycle Activity

## 1/2. Setting up the LIST of Activities History

We are going to create the ACTIVE timer on the activity after the informations inputs, create the options of funcionality while is running, what happens when finished, and prepare for the future registration in the history.


> 1 - We are going to use STATES to handle this active information.
```ts
const [acvitityTimer, setActivityTimer] = useState<Activity[]>([])
```
A. Remember to set as an Array.
B. Remember to set as an empty type of the data we need: ('', 0, [])



> 2 - We have to define a interface for each activity:

```ts
interface Activity {
  id: string
  task: string
  duration: number
}
```

We need a ID because we'll register in the history. So we need to be able to register different tasks, so we're going to use the ID.


> 3 - On the function, we can use this interface to handle data declaring a const with:
```ts
const newActivity: Activity = {
      id: String(new Date().getTime()),
      task: data.taskDescription,
      duration: data.timeAmount,
    }
```

ID TIP: This way of defining a ID is very good. Converts into a string, the number of the current date in miliseconds.


> 4 - The final structure of the funcion may look like this:

```tsx
function handleCreateNewActivity(data: NewActivityFormProps) {
    const newActivity: Activity = {
      id: String(new Date().getTime()),
      task: data.taskDescription,
      duration: data.timeAmount,
    }

    setActivities((state) => [...state, newActivity])

    reset()
  }
```

## 2/2. Setting the ACTIVE Cycle Activity.

> 1 - We need to create a new state of ActiveActivityID. To know and handle what is the only one Activity runnig with the timer.

We need to define two types of the state as 'string' or 'null' because when we load the page we dont have yet an active activity until we create one. So we need to be able to have a string (id) or a null data in it. Setting null as default initial value.
```tsx
  const [activeActivityID, setActiveActivityID] = useState<string | null>(null)
```

> 2 - We have to set the active activity, in the end of the function that creates this new Activity as, the active one.

function handleCreateNewActivity:
```tsx
    setActiveActivityID(newActivity.id)
```

> 3 - Creation of a const, that will keep the id of the active activity.

We define a const, that will receive =

From the array of activities .find

An item (item)

That wich its id => item.id

Is equal than the last one created and automatically setted as activeActivityid.
=== activeActivityID

```tsx
 const activeActivity = activities.find((item) => item.id === activeActivityID)
```


We can already check that the const, can be a string or a undefined value (Initial value)


Now we already are setting a new active after every creation of a new task.



### OFF TIPS;
Double consolog's, are a consequence of using RestrictMode, in React, don't worry, it's only on Developing mode.
